> knock

You approach his front door and lift the heavy metal knocker. It falls with a loud, hollow clang. After a moment the door creaks open.

>

The heavy wooden door swings open enough to show Marcus' giant frame, with his hands behind his back. He stares at you with hard, intense eyes.

At length he croaks, "Who are you and what do you want?" His voice sounds like metal boots on gravel.

> show letter

Marcus reads the letter twice over. After a moment he meets you with that same wide stare. You feel pressure on your eyes as if his stare is enough to push you away.

"...And?" He inhales deeply, patience wearing thin.

>

Marcus swings the door slowly open and steps back one long step. His left arm appears from behind him, motioning inside. "Come then" he intones in a low voice.

> enter

The cathedral ceiling draws displays a dazzling array of otherworldly lights, all dancing to and fro. Lanterns pulse with purple flame. The air is thicker than fog, but as clear as day.



//////

He gives you a brief tour through his circular single-floor residence, complete with several bedrooms, a freshwater bathroom, a library, and several closed doors he doesn't draw attention to. The entire manner is beautifully arranged and decorated, simultaneously housing the latest scientific prototypes and the oldest handcrafted tools. A few minutes later you arrive back in the foyer.

"Now, observe." Marcus directs his wide, meaty hand toward a chrome cylinder on his massive oaken desk. It has a glass window in the middle section, displaying a cloudy liquid.

You look perplexed. "What is it?"

"The first of its kind!" Marcus bellows proudly. "A mobile variant of my Blood Syphon. The prototype, actually. Performs each and every step of the extraction, purification, and absorption process flawlessly. Fully automated."

Your mouth hangs open, "Incredible."

He hefts the machine in one hand. "If you want to... 'help' as you put it, then put this on." He offers you a wide piece of adhesive, with thin silver braids arranged like a tree in the middle of winter.

"Um, ok." You fumble with it, sticking and unsticking it from from your fingers. "Where do I..."

"On your forearm, you dolt. If you've really read all my writings then you'd know." Marcus leaves a pregnant pause as he stares at you for a moment, but eventually he helps you attach it to the inside of your forearm. It's cool to the touch, but isn't at all breathable. You feel the crinkle of the thick tape as you flex.

Now that you're attached to the chrome machine, he leads you to a doorway with a few steps leading downward. At first you thought it was a dimly lit basement, but you quickly realize you're staring into a pool of dark, swirling blood.

"Is that-"

"Yes." Marcus cuts you off.

"Wow."

"Please be quiet."

"Sorry..."

Marcus sounded more tired than angry. At least that's what you hope. He kneels by the pool, waving the device over it. The blood's thick skin peels away to let several dozen droplets float up and into the intake holes. Almost instantly, there are dark swirls in its chamber - swirling, ink-like blood taking over the once-clear container.

Marcus watches as black globs swim through the tube to the applicator on your arm. His jaw is clenched. So is yours, now that you think about it.

"So what exactly - AAUUUGH" A great weight brings you to your knees, chest burning. You peer through the thick air, shadows invading your vision. Suddenly you are looking up at Marcus' grave face, his eyes now shining golden. You writhe in pain.

"Breathe, child." His voice almost sounds sweet.

You let out a pained gasp, punctuated by a gurgle as your lungs fill with fluid.

The room grows quite dark, the pain fading to a numbness. "Fight through it!" You hear Marcus yell. He is far away now, out of sight. You're not sure why Marcus turned off the lights.

"Jordan."

Yes?

"Jordan!"

What is it?

"JORDAN!"

You feel a giant blow to your chest, forcing a coughing fit. Suddenly you are sitting up, staring at the black goop all over your lap. Things are a much clearer and the lights are all back on. Marcus is fixed on you, but this time with a more concerned look. His eyes are darting back and forth.

"How do you feel?" He intones quietly.

Your head spins. "Uh, not great." You spit out some more black goop. It seems to crawl down your leg to the stone floor. "What just happened?"

Marcus stands slowly, hands clenching into massive fists. "Rise, Jordan" Marcus proclaims, "Blood Summoner Apprentice!"



CHAPTER 2


Marcus hastily pulls you to your feet. "Come, there is much to learn!" His heavy feet clop toward to door.

You fumble a bit as your legs are still somewhat numb, and your feet feel as if they're spilling out of your shoes. Your forearm is practically on fire, nerve endings shooting out distress signals. It feels heavy.

"Jordan." Marcus' tone falls downward at the end, a stern directive.

"Coming - sir." You shake off the sluggish haze and follow him out the back door.

You arrive in a lush courtyard, hidden in the heart of Marcus' castle-like residence. Among the unfamiliar flowers and trees, there stands a massive black boulder in the center. It glistens with a thick wet sheen, but appears dry. Many of the branches and stems are gently swaying in the still air. A lime branch reaches out a few finger-like tendrils around the stem of a nearby flower. Slowly, they wrap tightly around the flower's delicate neck and bend it out of shape. You hear the door thunk shut behind you.

"This, Apprentice, is the safeyard. Here you can practice your new Blood Arts without endangering the humans - " He leans in, raising his eyebrows, "or my estate."

"Did you say Blood Arts?" Your arm feels heavier now, like it's made of stone.

"Blood Arts are what connect us to the Dark Dimension, giving us access to powerful energy able to defeat the Dark Creatures."

A few of those words hang in the air and proceed to spin in your mind, but you say nothing.

"The Dark Dimension is where these creatures came from. Before Earth, they lived somewhere else terrorizing other worlds. Somehow they found their way here and, well..." He trailed off, face drooping somewhat. "That's what we're here for, isn't it?"

You don't quite get it.

"Let me tell you something, Jordan. I have fought nearly every day of my waking life to keep those things out of our city. I've used every tool at my disposal, every ounce of my strength. To keep us alive for another day. And we're not any closer to escaping the terror than the day I started. In some ways, these days are darker than ever.

"I grow tired. My hands and feet are no longer as strong and swift as they once were. My body aches with each new dawn, the dim twilight of death drawing me closer and closer. I've done all I can for us this side of daylight. I need... I need help.

"Now then!" Marcus snapped to, drawing a measure of brisk air into his barrel chest. "I believe you've had enough time to saturate. Hold out your arm. Like so."

You heft your branded arm in front of you. Marcus waves his hand abreast in an arc, snapping it upward at the end. As he holds his hands aloft, golden dust begins gurgling in mid-air a few meters in front of them. Bright amber light pierces through what looks like a hole in the air, and a thick purple protrusion ekes out. It suddenly jettisons forward, slamming into the black boulder with a loud clang. Purple sparks fly everywhere.

"What in the world..." You mutter. You aren't so sure about this. "Marcus, sir. I don't really think–"

Marcus waved his free hand, "Nonsense. Envision this blade, and pull it from the other side." You make an awkward motion mimicking Marcus. Nothing happens. Marcus curls his dense eyebrows, confused. "Try that again."

You wave your arm again, picturing the shining blade in your hand. Again, nothing.

"That's odd. Julia didn't have any trouble."

"Who's Julia?"

"Try closing your eyes and picturing the energy flowing from the other side of a black veil, into the safeyard. That's the image that always comes to my mind."

You plant your feet, settle into a sturdy stance, and close your eyes. Casting your hands in an arc, you imagine a bright purple light crossing a curtain, like Marcus said. After a moment you open your eyes.

Nothing.

In the disappointed silence, you hear a tiny, far-off voice. You can barely hear the whisper. "Chrystus?"

"Hm?" Marcus inquires.

You stammer, "Uh, it's just - someone said - I thought I heard someone say Chrystus."

"You know Chrystus? I'm impressed."

"Actually..." You get a little red. "I don't. I've never met him. Or them." You silently curse your honest answer, missing a chance to impress Marcus.

Marcus let out a few slow chuckles. "Chrystus isn't a who, it's a what. A sword from the Dark Creature's home world. It appears in a few folktales I translated." You didn't know the creatures has folk tales. Weren't humans the only ones who told stories to pass the time? "Anyway, that's not important." Marcus exhaled. He seemed tense. "You need to work. Hard." He began started for the door back to the front chamber.

"How, what should I do?"

Marcus was nearly through the door. "When you find the other side, come see me. And not before."

Chapter 3

Marcus is hard to pin down. Just a few moments ago he seemed happy, proud even. Now that he's gone, everything starts to unravel.

Yes there are scary monsters outside the city gates waiting to attack us, that's the truth. It's also true Marcus showed you some strange things that could only be explained by magic. But cross-dimensional portals and intravenous energy? It almost boggles the mind! You've read a good number of Marcus's reports but you figure most of it was still just speculation.

And another thing, what if you're not meant to be a blood summoner? Did Marcus think of that before pulling you into this? He essentially drafted you into the last army on Earth in his last year before retirement.

Regardless, you try to clear your mind and focus.

Your stomach starts to growl. It's been many hours since you've eaten.

Focus.

Arm out, eyes closed, arm up, envision the other side.

You hear a few tree leaves rustle.

You draw an arc with your dominant arm from left to right, just like he showed you. Quickly snapping your hand up from the elbow elicits only a sigh.

Again you catch a soft whisper. It's extremely faint, almost inaudible. "Busteo," you hear it whisper several times.

"Busteo?"

The voice immediately hushes. Peering around in the twilight, you try to spot if someone is trying to play a trick on you. It seems you are alone.

Countless attempts later, it's now very dark out and your stomach is starting to hurt from hunger. You squat on the ground, heading your hands. What have you gotten yourself into?

Just then you hear the door swing open behind you. It's Marcus, with a thick book in his hand. "Where have you heard those names?"

"What names?"

Marcus just stares at you.

"Like Chrystus and those? Like I said, I don't know them at all. I was just repeating what I heard."

Marcus looks at you quizzically. "Heard from whom?"

"No one, I just... it's like someone was whispering it in my ear, but obviously no one was there." Just then you hear another one. "Breedwyn? What's happening? What are these?"

Marcus kneels down next to you. He looks like he's rapidly flipping pages in his brain, looking for something. After a moment he puts his hand up as if to stop you, his eyes still vacant. "Chrystus was a long, single edged sword with an angled tip. The handle was wrapped in black leather, with a spiked handguard toward the front. The blade is a pure silver in the guard is gold. Close your eyes, envision it, and try once more."

Uurise, extend your hands once again, and close your eyes. You hear Marcus's words on repeat in your head, ready syllable planting roots your brain. As you draw your hand across your chest you feel it becomes heavy, almost belabored. It feels as though you are pulling a broom handle from the bottom of a travel sack. Eventually you wrest it free.

Marcus gasps audibly. You open your eyes to see the weapon resting in your hand, It's shining blade more brilliant than you had imagined. Its handle is heavy and thick. It feels clunky in your weak hands.

You look over at Marcus. He draws and elongated breath, filling his lungs with the reality of what just happened.

"You, Blood Summoner, are a new breed. Come, there is much to discuss!"

You couldn't help but notice he didn't call you 'apprentice'. You feel honored, even embarrassed. You're not even sure what you did.

"That sounds great, sir, but do you mind if we eat first?" Your stomach growls in agreement.

Just then a shrill shriek pierced the stone walls, alerting both of you to your feet. Without a word Marcus storms out the front door. You're right on the tail of his robe, Chrystus in hand.

Chapter 3.5

Marcus wastes no time. Over dinner he tells you tale after tale about the legendary weapons and armor you have unknowingly stumbled upon. All the while Chrystus is at your side, faintly glimmering in the candle light.

Marcus also tells you more about the contraption he strapped to your arm. The Blood Syphon captures something called Plasmoid, a mysterious compound in the blood of the Dark Creatures. Plasmoid is the source of Marcus's powers - and now yours too.

Marcus's intones in his gruff voice, "Without it we Blood Summoners are powerless. As helpless as a newborn babe."

"So you're telling me the only way to defeat the dark creatures is by defeating the dark creatures? And then stealing their blood?" You sit back in your chair. It's kind of sickening when you think about it.

"Essentially, yes."

He goes on to tell you more about the old world and what he's discovered from his research.

"The whole Earth?"

"That's right. Human kind had claimed nearly every square meter on the planet."

"That's crazy. I haven't even been more than 10 kilometers from here."

"One day you will. I'm sure of it."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because humanity depends on it."

You ponder a moment. "Is there something wrong with the city?"

"It's not about this city, it's the creatures. They're bloodthirsty. They're ravenous. They will stop at nothing to tear us all limb from limb and gorge themselves on our entrails. As long as they are here, they'll never stop. They'll keep breeding, hunting, and killing us until every last one is dead. Soon, you'll be humanity's last hope."

A bit of silence hangs in the air. You look down at Chrystus. It seems paler now than before.

You clear your throat. "But what about you? And Julia, where is she? And couldn't we just make more Blood Summoners like you did with me? Seemed like a pretty simple process."

"Oh I won't be here long. Believe it or not, I'm much older than you think. I know my time is coming." Some people said Marcus was 80, 90, or even 100 years old, much older than anyone else. Average life expectancy now was about 45 between disease, fatal injuries, and of course the deadly creatures outside the walls. "And if you ever meet Julia, do new a favor and deliver a message for me."

"Certainly."

Marcus's dominant eye seems to drill into your head. "Tell her I'm sorry."

"Of course sir." You have no idea what for. "And why can't we make more - "

Just then a shrill shriek pierced the stone walls, alerting both of you to your feet. Without a word Marcus storms out the front door. You're right on the tail of his robe, Chrystus in hand.

Chapter 4

"Go! Get away!" A fatherly man shouts. A young woman recoils behind him, both of them gesticulating wildly at the hideous creature hunched just a few meters in front of them. "Somebody help!"

Marcus leaps into action, Conjuring deep purple slivers in the air, sending them piercing into the side of the beast. A bloody gurgle emits rom the creature's mouth. As it falls on its side, you see a small hole Road in the wall behind it. Several pairs of beady eyes scurry through.

"Marcus! They've burrowed inside the wall!" You shout.

"Find a way to block it while I hold them off"

Looking down at the sword in your hand, you can't help but think that would be more useful. As Marcus conjures up more energy from the dark dimension, you take a few bounding steps and, letting out a battle cry, come down hard on the foul creatures. The blade slices through their tough hides with ease.

Two down, but more are pouring through the hole.

"Jordan! Get back!" Marcus thunders, waving his arm violently. Your brain, full of adrenaline, doesn't even process his words. You thrust Chrystus forward into the face of another frothing snout, but its tumbling body you first.

In an instant you are on your back, narrowly holding its powerful jaws from tearing your face to shreds. A purple Spike Nails the creature her right in the eye, spurting black fluid all over you. Clambering backwards, you search for your sword but it's nowhere to be found.

A loud cracking sound above your head draws your attention as a huge piece of the stone wall is broken off and slams to the ground comma barring the hole.

You scramble to your feet. "Thank you," you let out exasperatedly.  suddenly Marcus's powerful hands are grabbing your shoulders, shaking you back and forth.

"What the hell do you think you're doing!" His voice tears into your ears.

"I'm sorry I just thought - "

"When I tell you to do something you do it, no questions and no hesitations! What you did was completely asinine behavior." With that he turns on his heel and stomps to his residence, swinging the front door wide.

Before running after him, you scan your surroundings for it any sign of Chrystus. Nowhere to be found.
